Who is yelling across from the big brother?
It's Li Jiaren, the traitor
If it weren't for the blood-burning pill king before
How could he be so rampant?
Please come and have a look.
Just to let you see this kid with your own eyes
How did you die?
That being the case
I can't miss it
That's kind
Let's be short of guys
But you can't let the other party be so rampant
Brother, don't worry.
I brought a batch of ammunition
The quantity is large enough
You ask someone to distribute it.
It's the pill you sent
Where did the mayor get this pill?
I heard about his mother
Don't worry about this for now.
Give it to me right away
If you dare to die, just talk to Pantu
Commander, I promise to perfect the task
The traitor has been killed
Give you another 10 minutes
If you don't surrender
The recruited army went in
Let you leave no grass
Dog stuff
Still have the face to persuade Yang
Drop your weapon now
Surrender quickly
Hahaha, it's you bastard
If you want me to die, you have to have this ability.
You don't even have a bullet to kill me
Hahahahaha
Then what are you afraid of?
Why don't you dare to come?
75 big father will fulfill you
If you have this ability
I'll give you this head. Okay.
I want the captain
Is it useful for you to be so arrogant?
Or you'd better step back
You're too dangerous
What are you afraid of?
I just want to hit their psychological defense line
Come on, hit me
Hit me if you can
Big brother is ready
sit